[MUSIC]
>> Aaron Frost: In some places
where you could use them,
like if you wanna make
a map out of something.
Currently we do something like this.
>> Aaron Frost: Where
>> Aaron Frost: Come
on.
>> Aaron Frost: Where
>> Aaron Frost: Sorry, we're doing map,
right?
>> Aaron Frost: So, currently,
this is what that would look like.
>> Aaron Frost: Everything kinda squares
up and it returns it to you.
So this is what that would look
like with an arrow function.
It would be one line less code.
If you ever have the need to make a map
of squared numbers, you could do that.
But a lot of times when
we call a math function,
we're just returning like some some ID.
So instead of, you could pass
in an array of user objects and
just say return user dot ID and
you'd have a map of user object.
Anyway, just a thought.
This is somewhere where you could use it.
You could have a key_maker
where you pass it a value and
it says the key is this value,
I don't know.
And then you could make 100 keys or you
could make a key with the value of 100.
Let's talk about the real benefits
of these arrow functions and
I say benefits and it will also be the,
kind of the source of some confusion.
So let's talk about it.
The way that this, one to ten,
who really understands this in JavaScript?
Who's like a three?
Who's like a six or a five to six?
Who's like a seven or eight?
Who's like a nine or a ten?
I'm gonna raise my hand.
I think I get it, but I don't know.
Maybe I'm a seven.
Okay, if I was in an interview I'm a ten,
but like if I'm in front of my peers,
it's probably like an eight or nine.
Anyway, okay.
Okay, I want you look at this function.
Let's talk about what it's doing, okay?
So we have a widget object.
True?
Everyone agree?
Okay, and we're gonna call it widget.init.
Right?
And widget.init is gonna say cool.
Under the document let's
add a click listener.
And
>> Aaron Frost: We're gonna say,
I want you to call this .doSomething and
pass it to the event type.
Cuz the clicking handler has an event,
right.
So does anyone know why this,
why that line is gonna error?
>> Speaker 2: Because doSomething is
scope to the anonymous function or the
this is scope to the anonymous function.
So the do something is scope to the-
>> Aaron Frost: In the context that
this exists, what is this?
>> Speaker 3: It's
a document.
>> Aaron Frost: Is it the document?
>> Speaker 4: It's the anonymous
function.
>> Aaron Frost: So,
are you sure it's not like the dom moment?
Might be the dom moment.
>> Speaker 5: No,
cuz it's live.
>> Aaron Frost: None of us really know?
[CROSSTALK] We just all went down a level?
It's it's not the widget though,
is what I'm trying to say.
So and when you say this.doSomething.
You think you're saying
widget.doSomething.
You're not saying that,
that's not what you're saying.
You're actually saying window.doSomething,
okay.
And window doesn't have
a doSomething method.
So what's going to
happen when you try and,
it's going to say window.doSomething is
undefined and I want to invoke undefined.
Once again, what's gonna happen
when we try to invoke undefined?
Undefined is not a function, right?
Okay, that's exactly what's gonna happen.
So there's two ways,
normally people correct this, do you guys,
does anyone wanna shout them off for me?
>> Speaker 6: self is this.
>> Aaron Frost: So who said bind?
Bind.
An then the other
way is?
>> Speaker 7: Var self is
this.
>> Aaron Frost: Yeah.
Var something equals this.
And then instead of, here I'll pull it up.
So here's the two ways you can do it.
Your function handler for your event,
you can say go ahead and bind it
to this and when this line of code is
running this is actually the widget, okay?
So you combined that function to this or
you can say var me or var self or
var underscore this equals this.
And then instead of calling
this.doSomething, you call me.doSomething.
Or whatever you use, right?
Who uses Self?
No one?
Who uses Bind?
Yeah.
I use me.
So, anyway,
this is how you fix it today, right?
And when I used to write,
I used to write in Sencha, is that okay?
Anyway, I did and it was cool,
but I had to do this a lot.
It was a lot that we had
to do this kind of stuff.
And so fat arrow or arrow functions,
sorry I keep calling them fat arrow and
I don't mean to.
Anyway, arrow functions
aims to solve this problem
that we're dealing with right there.
This is what arrow functions is for okay.
>> Aaron Frost: Okay,
so, this is how you would
rewrite the exact same function
with an arrow function.
>> Aaron Frost: So
it's basically the same syntax but
instead over here,
you just have one of those
anonymous functions.
And I've wrapped it with braces,
so it's not gonna return.
It's just gonna call this.doSomething, but
in this context when you
use an arrow function,
at the time that this line of code was
evaluated, this was widget, right?
So it's actually gonna go ahead and
bind this event call to this.
So instead of our frameworks
like our backbones and
stuff, people are gonna start using
this syntax because it is nice.
It's nice to not have to worry about
that stuff or to have to go through and
bind all your own functions or
alias this onto something else.
>> Speaker 8: So in coffee script you end
up actually almost always using fat
arrow rather than the normal arrow?
Do you think that we'll be
sending JavaScript as well?
>> Aaron Frost: I'm gonna show an example
why you won't.
Cuz in this example, think about it.
When this widget is being created, and
can I answer that on another slide?
Okay, good.
I don't want to ruin my slide.
I don't want to ruin my own wave, dude.
Does anyone have any comments or
question about that?
That makes pretty good sense,
what's going on here, right?
When that line of code gets
added as an event listener,
this is the widget and so
it knows exactly what to do.
So in that way the code, it will at
least run like we think it's gonna run.
Whereas with, sorry,
with a regular anonymous function,
it doesn't run like we
think it's gonna run.
Okay, so I want to talk a little
bit more about these functions.
So the type of arrow function is function,
okay?
So, actually,
Rick Waldron corrected me on this,
it does have a prototype and
it is function.
But there's something about
function it doesn't have.
Sorry I can't remember.
He corrected me on this and
I didn't put it in to the slide.
Kind of nullifying itself.
Now that I think about it.
Anyway, so if you call getPrototypeOf
an arrow function, it's gonna return
the function prototype.
>> Aaron Frost: So
here's a big difference, though.
So if I have a function Foo,
And a function
bar and the one is a regular function and
the other one is an arrow function.
I can use the regular function
as a class constructor.
I can say new Foo, and if I try and
do new Bar, it's not going to work.
You can't make, you can't make
classes out of arrow functions.
>> Speaker 9: Because of the binding-
>> Aaron Frost: Is basically what it is.
Yeah, because of how it's gonna bind this.
If it bound this on an arrow function,
what would this always be,
100% of the time?
The window.
So it would be tough.
So you can't, I mean,
it wouldn't really be usable.
I guess they could make an exception
in the case of the word new.
But, I don't know.
So the rule is,
you can't use it as a constructor.
We're cool?
So, someone, you asked about this earlier.
You were like, hey man, why don't I just.
>> Aaron Frost: Hold on.
>> Aaron Frost: I can't remember what
I was trying to teach you
guys with this slide.
>> Aaron Frost: Yeah, yeah got it.
Good I got it.
I got it.
Okay, so I have a widget here right.
It's got an ID of 123.
And it's got a log method.
Okay?
And my call log,
it's just gonna say is it a log this.id.
Simple, everyone understand
what's going here?
So if I say new widget, new Widget.log
is gonna just log Widget.log in 123.
Simple, does anyone not get that?
We should all get that.
Okay, we got it.
All right, so
now I'm gonna say newWidget.log.call.
And I'm gonna pass a different this.
When you do on the method,
when you do a .call,
the very first parameter is a new this.
You're basically reassigning the this.
So I'm trying to say,
instead of treating the widget as this,
treat this pseudo-widget as this.
So it should call log.
And instead of, and
I'm trying to make it call, instead of,
I'm trying to make it use this ID
instead of the ID up here, okay.
But it's not going to, okay.
>> Aaron Frost: Yeah,
it's not going to log in.
Because because the ID was bound
lexically even if I try and
over-ride it it still
going to use this ID.
It's not going to use the ID I'm
trying to cram down its throat.
We get it, we're seeing eye to eye?
Proceed?
>> Speaker 10: The chat was asking
about the call applied bind, but
you'vealready touched on call here.
>> Aaron Frost: Yes.
>> Speaker 10: The same,
generally applies?
>> Aaron Frost: Yes.
Yeah.
So, even if you try and
override it you're not going to get it.
So, it's bound.